Added followers and update some exceptions and modules (#261)
dimitritsampiras/olympian: docs/Design/MIS/MIS.tex

\begin{tabularx}{\textwidth}{p{3cm}p{2cm}X}
\toprule {\bf Date} & {\bf Version} & {\bf Notes}\\
\midrule

> Date 1 & 1.0 & Initial Draft\\
> Date 2 & 1.1 & Added followers and updated modules to align with previous documents better \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
January 18 2023 & 1.0 & Initial Draft\\
April 4 2023 & Added followers and updated modules to align with previous documents better \\
```
